kool
what's up you to them when you're
actually going to be talking about
another very very very very very well
requested video and it is how to get
better you go so the question of the day
is how do you better yourself at this
terrible car game that we call a
children's card game and well I'm going
to be pretty straightforward and honest
with you it's going to be pretty hard
several things that I kind of do to keep
up with the game and I guess better
myself I guess I'll go through that list
just kind of like a general list of
things um first off make sure you have
friends that play yugioh and I can't
stress this enough why do you need
friends to play yugioh and why can't you
play by yourself having friends about
you yell ocean to bounce ideas off of
them also give you people to practice
and
I would make sure that your friends are
decent at this game because there's a
threshold bubble that you need people
that are equally as good to you or
better than here to become better at
this game yourself you can play a bunch
of novices all day that just picked up
the game and it's not going to do you
any real good whatsoever need to make
sure that you can engage with people
that have general come bility general
sensibility of their card choices
general things like this and I know this
can be extremely difficult she's
probably one of the most difficult
things that you can do is trying to find
people that have similar interest to you
and I know that the yugioh community to
me rather small in certain areas I know
this can be difficult this can also be
achieved by talking to people online
through skype facebook groups just
getting the no friends in general will
help
and to be honest it's really not that
hard to message a few people asking
questions I mean I get bombarded with
questions and sometimes I can't answer
them all my favorites probably rolling
questions and you know it sucks I can't
respond everything that I get asked
because sometimes I just plain don't
know and I'm not going to insult you by
giving you a wrong answer I would rather
just respond and say no i don't know i
need to get mad at me well you know and
you know talking to people that you
think you know what they're doing in the
game make sure you have friends in the
game that have made coherent card
choices and things like that and you
know it also allows you to build a group
of people that will go with you to an
event
if you go with people turn event you can
have a good time things like that so it
allows you to build friendships things
like that when you have strong UV
relationships you'll be able to conquer
the universe outside of that though
friends friends friends that are decent
at this game not talking about the guy
that just bum out or shave for a hundred
and fifty dollars thinking it's the best
deck in the game no because he's
probably not going to know what he's
doing with the deck for the first couple
hundred games he's playing secondly time
I deck that you have tracked us with as
opposed to a deck that you've just
picked up will pretty much always be
your better choice now I'm seeing this
from experience having a deck that you
have experience with having exactly you
played for years will probably grant you
better a messy than playing should all
is for the current I mean unless you
practice with them what's similar to a
deck do you play this is where playing
in previous formats comes into being if
you played in previous formats you could
tell which decks actually act like
previous text another formats and I
can't stress this enough either fighting
in a previous format will grant you the
ability to figure out how the current
format is going to evolve or general
things like that is pretty much every
format in this game has been like
another format I think we've had in the
formats now that's where you can pretty
much tell when a degenerate deck is
going to come up and you're going to be
like all arbor well this is just like
you know fish ftk or vision would kick
general things like that you know tella
dead formats things like that m+ playing
in previous formats if you play against
the dumbed down version of that deck in
today's format like lightsworn you can
kind of gauge where you need to be go CS
playing in the previous lights or format
you know you can tell where the 20 sworn
player was going to be at the end of a
stern or where he needed to be
if you're playing against lights we're
now yes it's a dumb down version of the
deck don't get me wrong but if you
played in that format you pretty much
know what your extreme card choice is
going to be in what those situations are
and that's kind of why I can't stress no
playing in those formats enough is
because just because you play against
the deck in today's day and age and it's
a lot weaker than the previous deck
doesn't mean that the deck doesn't do
the same functionally like flamboyant
thing that it used to so I know just
something that a lot of players take for
granted is the previous floor mats
because they don't want to go back and
learn them Amy and I pre I've pretty
much learned them off the first hand
experience and god I hated so much some
of these formats have been god-awful
some of them have been okay but
if you're going to want to get better at
this game you're going to have to wear
previous formats go control for the
fundus telling dad dad returned for the
OT KS and the presence of other decks
life's worn for the sweet destruction of
the tears erode neck frog ftk for the
seventy percent win ratio Foreman
project to keep our mad spaceships and
it was actually a good format I know a
lot of people kind of really
underestimate that format but
these are all formats that you should be
practicing in on how even some of the
ocg formats we didn't have stuff Green
baboon format yeah I love bamboo burn
right up or lay darkness dragon was
perfect circle in the States but there
were still multiple versions of it
across the formats in different
you know he's again do you know we had
same less it's still different card
a lot for different decks and you know
right as a deck now it can exist it's
just it doesn't perfect circle on
Earth's diamond new turbo all just
examples that people don't know but
these decks do and it's really sad that
you know you want to get better at this
game but you don't know how previous
card interactions work and you can't
make the networks in your brain so the
new players are getting into this game
build a network of friends go on dueling
network practice practice practice
practice I can't stress that enough if
you have any desire whatsoever to get
better than this game previous formats
probably going to be your baby I would
also dabble in the ocg a little bit read
up on what's good in the ocg because
let's be perfectly honest here just
because it's not here doesn't mean
centering it doesn't mean it won't be
relevant a year from now and that's kind
of where you know something comes out
and you want to pick it up on death row
and start practicing with it go on doing
network in PCGS DJ play with dolls
before they came out you would have got
a little bit more of an impact on what
the deck was going to do so that's just
one of the things that's what i did was
shelves when i first came out we built a
really crappy bootleg version of the
deck and we kind of just went to town
with it a lot of fun oh man that's kind
of how I knew where I wanted to be wit
all's I went to gencon was from that
experience I had back in June July but
these are just the things that I do
trying to use my way into the game I
guess is the best way to say it your
experiences might differ there might be
different things that you might do but
for God's sakes please leave a comment
down below how about these people in the
comments section that are reading list
or watching this video because there are
a lot of things that I miss
and you know I'm only just one person
for my opinion so please comment tell
them what you're thinking guys in the
mountain I hope you guys enjoyed this
video please thumbs up this video to
show your support and please check out
van Cole 44 cardfight vanguard m cole
games for miscellaneous trading card
games and No Limit gaming for a brand
new series of yugioh videos thanks for
watching